if you're pivot Table is built over a huge amount of data.
So hundreds of thousands of rose,
for example,
sometimes in depending on the power of your computer,
it might take a long time for the life preview to be generated when you drag and drop the
fields into the different areas of the pivot table.
So a nice solution to do,
which is to actually check this differ a layout update box here,
which basically delays the layout update until you click the update button.
So as you can see air if I put the sales amount,
you can see here that the Life preview on the Left has not been updated with the sales
amount field,
so you can put whatever fields you would like here.
So put the product name as well,
I know.
Put,
for example,
the sales year here and then at the end,
after putting all my fields are click on update and everything gets updated.
So this tip is useful when you have hundreds of thousands of data underlying your pivot
table and generating the life preview is going to be slow,
and you might not have the strongest computer in terms of specifications.
So it's better to defer the layout update until the end and then just click on the update
button to update your data so as to do the update process to do it just one time instead of
doing it several times.
Because basically,
there is a Realtor Time update,
as you add,
feels to different areas of the pivot tables to do it all just one time at the end,
instead of doing it several times.